I'll leave it to you to hunt down Guo Yikun
Grandpa's layout is interconnected
Is trying to kill me
Fortunately, Shen Wuhan has been ruled out as a suspect
But
The Huo Yiyan siblings are inseparable from this matter
The crow is the novice representative of his grandfather
I will keep checking
Sister, can you accompany me to explain to my relatives?
We have unanimously decided to expel you from the review
Dad, why?
Although Xie Ting's death was wronged by you
But it's because of you
If it weren't for your insistence on entangling grandpa's life
He won't die either.
Our Shen family's little Wang Xiaohu
Can't afford to offend these big shots?
So grandpa's hatred
Don't tell us
The dead cannot come back to life
Do you want to ruin our family?
I will continue to investigate the cause of grandpa's death
All the rights of the Shen family
Bah, what kind of ability do you have?
Why protect the Shen family?
Just because I can get the patrol uniform in two hours